The following programme contains
strong language and violent scenes.
You're an artist, my friend.
3,815 metres.
You need military training
to make a shot
at even half that distance.
There is one guy.
Alexander Duggan
was an outstanding sniper.
But he's dead.
He went to Afghanistan.
The entire unit was wiped out.
But there was no body.
Something's not right.
So, Isabel tells me you want to
have a look at a STRAP 2 file,
because you think it'll
- help you find the Jackal?
- Yes.
I'll take the file, Osi.
This way, Mr. Halcrow.
We need to talk.
It a full blown mole hunt.
I don't want her here, Paul.
No one's trying to speak to you.
I'm trying to talk to my husband...
Please, just go back inside, yeah.
Are you coming home?
Or are you staying here
with your fucking ex-wife?
Fuck you, you tyrant!
Tallinn was our one chance
and he missed.
UDC wants the world to know...
that River will flow.
Are you coming tomorrow?
Yes.
♪ THE KILLS: Future Starts Slow ♪
Security team Bravo
now has control of subject vessel
and conducting onboard search. Copy.
Security team Delta
providing overwatch
to Bravo search team.
♪ You can holler, you can wail
♪ You can swing, you can flail
♪ You can thump like a broken sail
♪ But I'll never give you up
♪ If I ever give you up
♪ My heart will surely fail...
Delivery boat's here. All clear.
Proceed.
♪ You can swing, you can flail
♪ You can blow what's left
Of my right mind
♪ I don't mind. ♪
What happened?
Morning.
You know,
as far as they're concerned,
you had a shot and you missed.
That's all they care about.
River launches in 48 hours.
Does that concern you at all?
Because it should.
I'm not here on holiday.
# Some flowers
♪ Never get to bloom and see the day
♪ Some flowers
♪ Are content to wish
Their lives away
♪ Some may rise
♪ And some may fall
♪ But only
♪ You may
♪ Ever
♪ See me true
♪ So, only
♪ You can
♪ Tell that
♪ This is who I am
♪ This is who I am!
♪ No lie
♪ Know that
♪ This is who I am. ♪
When I was a little boy,
my grandmother, my mum's mother,
from Hebron,
told me there's a fine line
between being revered
and being spat on.
And here we are,
it's a beautiful day...
and no one's spitting on me.
They're just trying to kill me.
They can try,
but they'll never do it.
But...
if I don't make it...
promise me...
you'll make River happen.
Ulle, I could promise,
but we both know I'd be lying.
The board hates River.
They do what you want
because they're afraid of you.
You mean in awe of me.
Yes, that's what I meant.
They're not in awe of me.
So, I suppose you'll just have to
stay alive, won't you.
Captain Baldwin, how you feeling?
Fucking terrible.
Mm.
Lung cancer...
from the burn pits
in Helmand, is that right?
Eight of your men died there,
didn't they?
I'm so sorry that happened.
That must have been
a hellish experience for you.
What can you tell me
about Alexander Duggan?
You're not a doctor.
Who are you?
I'm with Six.
I need to ask you some questions...
about what happened in Helmand.
It's all in the report.
I think you should leave now.
I can't. Not until
you've answered my questions.
I'm not talking to MI6. Get out.
I want the nurse.
Of course. The nurse will come
once we've had our chat.
I need more morphine.
Then talk quickly.
Yep?
Ah. Come in, Bianca.
I've been trying to get into plants.
But I keep killing everything.
Ah, tough habit to break.
Also... it's boring as fuck.
I want to update you
on the Jackal investigation.
I have some more
information on Duggan.
Apparently, he was a loner.
Sit down.
The only person he was close with
was his spotter,
a guy called Gary Cobb.
So if Duggan's alive,
it's possible that Cobb
is alive, too.
It's possible, but it's unlikely.
There's no evidence.
But it's a lead.
It's a theory more than a lead,
let's be honest.
Well, I'd like to test that theory
and see if I can find anything.
I don't think
that's going to be possible.
Why?
Because I'm closing
the investigation.
You can't do that.
I can't make decisions
based on hunches.
People have died.
Too many people.
But I have a limited
amount of resources
and one man is not
worth all this loss.
So we just admit defeat?
You really must learn to think
in a less binary way.
I am closing in on him.
It's not about you, Bianca,
and your need for closure.
This is about the big picture.
The greater good.
I just need a little more time.
And I need you to move on.
And if I don't?
I don't think you'll like
the answer to that question.
'Hi, this is Osita Halcrow,
please leave a message.'
Osi, it's Bianca.
Where are you? Call me, please.
Have you heard?
What?
You haven't seen Osi today,
have you?
No. Have I heard what?
It's...
Why am I here again, Carver?
Pick up, pick up, pick up.
Well, we still have
unanswered questions
about information
getting into the wrong hands.
About Norman, about Belarus...
...about Hungary.
We've been over that.
What you haven't told us,
is why your phone records
showed you received texts
from a number in the United States.
But when we looked for the texts,
you had deleted them.
Hm.
♪ MELODY GARDOT: Preacherman ♪
♪ Preacher man, go tell me
♪ Where his body lies
♪ Sitting down by the river
Now, child
♪ One by one we tumble
♪ One by one we fall
♪ If I had a solution, now, honey
Nuria?
What are you doing out of bed?
'Hi, little boy.
'Hi, my little one.
'I've missed you so much.'
Where's your plane going?
Where's it going, little one?
I'll tell you what,
why don't you, me and mummy...
we get on your plane...
and we go somewhere far away.
Just the three of us.
You'll have to fly it...
'cause I'm a bit tired.
And I don't think your mummy
knows how to fly a plane.
Although, with mother...
with your mother you never know.
'You fly the plane.'
'Captain Carlitos.
'I think it's your bedtime,
little one.
'Let's get you in there,
let's get you snuggled up.
'Good boy.
'Good boy.'
You know who I am.
Is this real?
What d'you mean?
This.
Is any of this fucking real?
Hm?
Let me tell you who you are.
You're a liar.
So, now...
now you tell me the truth
because it's your last chance.
Is this you?
Yeah.
D'you kill people for money?
Say it.
Say what?
Say the words.
I kill people for money.
Sorry, what?
No te oigo. I can't hear you.
What did you say?
I kill people for money.
Say it again.
Listen to yourself and say it again.
I kill people for money.
Again.
Say it again!
I kill people for money.
Is that what you wanna hear?!
Is that enough?!
Is it enough?!
It's not.
But now we can have a conversation.
So you're not dead.
Why have you not been
answering your phone?
I've been busy.
I found out that Duggan and his
spotter Gary Cobb were inseparable.
So?
This operation has been closed down.
As I'm sure you know.
I'm sorry, what is going on, Osi?!
Someone clearly doesn't give
two shits if the Jackal kills UDC-
Don't take this personally,
but please shut the fuck up!
No.
I can't.
I...
I-I'm not having this conversation.
Look, you can ignore me all you want
but I'm just disappointed.
I thought out of all the fucking
dickheads around here,
you... were the one
that was different.
In this job,
different is inadvisable.
Osi?
Is Angela home?
She's upstairs.
Is everything OK?
No.
No, nothing's "OK" right now.
I've always been...
clear about what I want
and-and why I'm doing it-
About your work?
Yeah, but everyth-I don't wanna
talk about your work, Bianca.
OK.
Because that's what a husband does.
And I don't know what I am
to you right now.
I don't know where we're headed.
I know where I wanna be headed.
Yeah, I know where I wanted
to be headed, too.
But what we want
and what's actually possible,
they are two very different-
I miss you.
Yeah, I miss you, too.
And I know I'm a nightmare.
And this is where you say,
"You're not a nightmare, Bianca.
You're great."
You ARE a nightmare.
But you love it though.
No?
You love me.
I do love you.
And I love you,
and isn't that what matters?
No.
Bianca, you're not here...
you're not here because of us.
You're here because of
a problem at work.
That's-That's not...
That's not completely true.
Look, you were
really young when you had Jasmine.
OK, you were really young...
Yeah, exactly.
...to make that choice.
Exactly.
But it's not a one-time choice.
OK, you've got to keep
choosing it every day.
Not just when things
aren't working out for you.
But bec...
because it's what you really want.
Erm...
Look, if...
Y'know, if Angela
sees you here, she's...
she's gonna lose her shit, so...
Yeah.
Did you think you could live
two parallel lives?
I honestly never thought about it.
But I'm gonna stop.
It's over. Done.
Finished. It's done.
Really?
Yeah, really.
Yeah.
But?
Charles.
There's one more job...
that I have to finish.
All I need is 24 hours.
Where you going?
I need a coffee.
Alvaro.
What's wrong?
Alvaro just told me
that he's been talking...
to Jimmy Tejero.
Jimmy Tejero, por Dios!
Who's Jimmy Tejero?
He's a fucking gangster.
He's dangerous.
The worst person
you can meet in Cadiz!
Alvaro was talking about me?
Yeah.
I don't trust Alvaro.
He's... He's made
some promises to Jimmy,
because he knows that...
that you have money and...
and what you do, and...
I don't know what else!
If Jimmy knows about you,
we're not safe.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
- And Carlito.
Look at me.
Whoever this is, whatever this is...
I'm gonna make this OK.
Hmm?
OK.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Alvaro?
Charlie.
Hi.
So, I hear you need some help?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Erm...
OK, uh...
Listen...
I have a...
a good business opportunity
for you, for me, for everybody.
OK, so where and when d'you need me?
So you're coming?
Yeah.
You're coming?
OK. OK, OK.
Where? Uh, you know...
La Victoria?
- Yeah.
- The beach?
You know the big hotel
with the restaurant...
Oh, the Sierra.
...in the beach.
Sierra. Hotel Sierra, yeah.
OK, what time?
Mm, one?
One o'clock at the Sierra.
One, Sierra Hotel, you and me?
- Yeah.
- OK?OK.
Thank you.
Very much, very much.
And don't worry that...
we have wine, good time,
and you pay nothing, eh?
This one I pay.
So, Marjorie,
what's on your mind?
The Board wants you
to postpone River for one month.
Absolutely not.
The DagHaus share price
is in freefall.
In the last three days
you've personally lost
1.2 billion dollars.
This is media driven panic.
DagHaus is much more than River.
Our technologies and applications
are fundamental
to the world economy.
But...
let me make one thing...
perfectly clear.
If a level playing field,
like the one River
will make possible,
means that super rich people
like you and me
will have to give up
our yachts and private jets
so that young people
can have a decent future...
well, personally,
that's something I embrace
with open arms.
OK.
If you launch tomorrow,
the entire board will walk.
I am here with their
explicit approval.
Well, if you all wanna go...
I guess you'll just have to go.
You really won't consider
a postponement?
River launches tomorrow.
Thank you.
Jeremy. Good to see you again.
Pleasure as always, Tim.
Please.
Thank you.
Yes, yes. I'm sorry
I don't have better news.
But, um...
Well, I did speak to my colleague,
the Business Secretary,
about the possibility
of the European courts
placing an injunction
to stop the release of River.
But, um, well frankly,
he's not optimistic,
and neither am I.
Sorry.
"When we would
accomplish great things,
the best policy
is to work by an engine...
which the world never sees."
Yes.
I forget, who said that?
Well, it's...
It's very true.
Rather brilliant.
Oh! Maybe it was me?
Yes.
Yes, maybe it was you.
So, all we have left
is our Hail Mary...
the Jackal.
Yes, quite.
Where is the Jackal now?
Oh-ho-ho!
Charles.
Since a long time.
Too long. How are you?
- - Fine.
- Yeah!
- You?
You look very well. You look trim.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you so much
for sorting this last minute.
For how long you want to fish?
Just a couple of hours, I think.
Yeah, I just need to...
disconnect a little.
So, you have a big relax.
Yeah.
Water's perfect. So, just...
leave the keys in the usual place.
Great, will do.
OK.
Thanks, Guillermo.
Good luck.
Bye.
♪ WILLIE BOBO: Spanish Grease ♪
Jimmy?
♪ FOALS: Spanish Sahara ♪
♪ So I walked into the haze
♪ And a million dirty waves...
You were an artist, Norman.
♪ Now I see you lying there
♪ Like a lilo losing air...
♪ Black rocks and the shoreline surf
♪ Still dead summer I cannot bear
♪ Forget the horror here
♪ It's future rust
And it's future dust
♪ I'm the fury in your head
♪ I'm the ghost
In the back of your head
♪ 'Cause I am
♪ I'm the fury in your head
♪ I'm the fury in your bed
♪ I'm the ghost
In the back of your head
♪ 'Cause I am. ♪
I kill people for money.
Is that what you wanna hear?!
Is that enough?!
No, it's not.
"Sniper-style shot.
The operation displayed
a high degree
of precision and skill."
So, I've been trying to get a shot
of the Calandra Lark
for the past couple of years.
Do you know the Calandra Lark?
It's a very beautiful bird.
I heard that there's
a breeding pair on Plavnik Island.
Why you want to go
to Plavnik is your business.
You paid, I'll take you.
Can we stop here, please?
You want to stop here?
Yes, I think
I've seen something up there.
Yeah, I've seen something.
What's that?
It's a lot of kit.
Five hours.
Are you planning
on staying in bed till then?
I had a terrible night.
I don't think I can face
swimming today.
Ulle, you're not
breaking your routine
on the biggest day of your life.
A swim does you good.
It clears your head.
You always say that.
Come on.
Whose boat is that?
Bogdan's.
I haven't seen Bogdan
stop to fish there before.
It's outside the two mile perimeter.
I know, but keep an eye on it.
Roger that.
Good morning, sir.
Morning.
Everything's ready.
As always, your minder will be
next to you at all times and-
Can we just go?
He knows the drill.
Yes, sir.
Principal exiting the villa now.
Roger that.
All call signs, this is Zero Alpha,
Principal on route
and heading to Sierra.
All stay vigilant,
Drone overwatch focused on...
...report. Out.
Security team Delta One providing-
All clear. Perimeter secure.
Thank you.
Proceed.
Enjoy your swim, sir.
Principal exiting now.
Roger that.
Zero Alpha
with principal at Sierra drop off.
Zero control, copy for Green.
This is Zero, you are green to go.
Fuck.
Come on.
'Bogdan's boat's not moved.'
Jet ski from patrol unit
on its way to check.
This is Delta One,
I have spotted suspicious
activity near Sector-
Come on.
Roger! Overwatch on task.
Jet ski down!
Gunman on Bogdan's boat.
Sniper rifle.
Delta one is down.
There is an active shooter...
Code Red!
Sniper on the boat!
Get armed units towards him!
Get him under water!
Eyes on the water!
Get down! Get down!
Down! Down! Down!
Under the water and stay down!
One...
two, three...
...seven, eight,
nine, ten.
Oh, fuck!
Minder's down!
Stay under the water, sir!
Get down under the water!
No, down! Down!
One, two...
three, four...
There you are.
♪ DAVID BOWIE:
Something In The Air ♪
Principal is down,
principal is down.
Team medic to Sierra location,
Zero control, alert emergency
medical services
for immediate exfil.
QRF One,
we have eyes on active shooter.
Shooter is making a fast exfil.
♪ Raced for the last time
♪ Well, I know you'll hold
Your head up high
♪ But it's nothing we have to say
♪ There's nothing in our eyes
♪ But there's something in
♪ The air
♪ Something in my eye
♪ I've danced with you
♪ Too long
♪ There's something I have to say
♪ There's something in the air
♪ There's something in the air. ♪
Subtitles by Sky Access Services
www.skyaccessibility.sky